Alright! What we wanna do with CircleCI also, it's really handy. So we're
gonna go in and add in a build badge. So
I'll assign this to myself number 64.
What I wanna do is set up a CircleCI
Build Badge. It's like really really easy
to do but when you're looking at GitHub
stuff it is kind of handy to have it
also to show the status batch. So you can
see here, we just fixed the build again
so that is now up and running. And now I
can come here and come over here to
Status Badges. There's a couple
different ones there. I am using markdown.
So I'm gonna go ahead and copy that.
It's gonna give us this little PASSED
or FAILURE. Let's make sure. I'm gonna
say master explicitly. Make sure that should be okay with all
that. So hopefully I'm gonna just leave
it on default in the Markdown. Let's
come back over to IntelliJ and now what
I wanna do is edit the README file.
You can see that IntelliJ is
giving me a little preview there. I'm
just gonna come in here and paste this.
So you can see the preview here so I'm
gonna get the Spring Framework Guru Pet
Clinic and then I have this build badge
here. That's what's gonna show up
in GitHub. So I am gonna go ahead and
commit this. Actually remember the
last time I made a mistake there so this
was
issue number 64. I'm gonna show you how
to overcome my mistake here from the
last one. So I'm gonna go ahead and do a
commit. Note that I'm not
closing it. I'm just doing a reference
every pound 64 for the issue number. I'm
gonna commit and push. In this case,
the reason I'm doing this is I wanna
make sure that this actually is working
as expected. I'd don't have to tweak it. So
come back over here to pet clinic. Now
you can see that this is displaying up
nicely. I'm kind of happy with that.
Actually, in hindsight, let's move that up
above that. So rather than have it there,
let's just do
this
like so. We'll get that up at the top
so let's just do that. Let's see how that
works.
I'll go ahead and commit and push that.
And almost there. There we're up. Now let's go
ahead and refresh that see how that
looks.
I like that a little bit better so
our badges at the top and then our title
so I think that looks a little bit
better. And now, I'm gonna come back to
issues. I do the CircleCI Badge. What we
can see here is that I have two commits
there and also notice that I'm getting a
green checkmark there so that's saying
that passed. This one's actually still
running so CircleCI is running.
I got really nice integration with GitHub
and technically I shouldn't close this
until it is done. Let's take a look at
see if that job is done.
So he is happy and you can see it just
happened to change out whilst it's off the
screen. So nice feature there. You can
see that your integration tests are
running and now I could say okay
this is done. So I go and say done and
Close and comment, and that issue is done.
So again, now that we have continuous
integrations running because I did a
reference to the issue, we can see that I
have this issue here. I had two commits
against it. I can see that I had two
different builds that passed inside a
CircleCI. I've had one that failed
and then I corrected it. It would be
listed here. This is really nice showing
you how an issue tracker can be
integrated with source control and also
on top of that I see information about
your continuous integration build. So a
lot of information here when you're
doing a very large project, a lot of
people on it, a lot of moving bits and
pieces, you can get quite a bit of
history here. So a lot of stuff, a lot of
value of having your project set up like
this.